PD-82  SCALE 22.12.0 Update Clustering Preparation Article Content (#1807)
truenas/documentation: content/SCALE/SCALETutorials/Shares/SMB/ManageSMBShares.md

- scaleacls
---

{{< toc >}}

To access SMB share management options from the **Sharing > Windows (SMB) Shares** screen you need to access the **Sharing >SMB** screen that lists all SMB shares on the system. 
To access this, after going to **Shares**, click the **Windows (SMB) Shares <span class="material-icons">launch</span>** launch icon.

{{< expand "What if my system is clustered" "v" >}}
![ClusteredSMBShare](/images/SCALE/22.12/ClusteredSMBShare.png "Clustered SMB Share")

> If the system is part of a [cluster]({{< relref "SMBClustering.md" >}}), you cannot add or edit SMB shares. A tooltip in the **SMB Shares** widget states the share is configured through TrueCommand.

Reviewer: I'd change this to state they configure the cluster share in TrueCommand otherwise it is more like UI ref content. Maybe something like this
```suggestion
If the system is part of a [cluster]({{< relref "SMBClustering.md" >}}), you cannot add or edit SMB shares. Configure the share through TrueCommand.
```
